Abstract

There have been various approaches for generation of doctored images through different techniques. In this paper, we have created an analysis and classification of the morphed images which are created by morphing two genuine images together.

Images are morphed by some forgeries categories namely Copy & Move, Splicing, Object Removal and Morphing. We have used Morphing as a forgery technique for experimenting with the images. 

In this Morphing technique there are 3 methods which are mainly used, such as combined, splicing and complete. With that we have calculated and analysed the scores fetch through Biometric analysis and for the quality check we have made use of forensic analysis.

Morphing is a procedure between two genuine images, where in first the specification of the correspondence point is initiated which is also called as 'feature specification'. Then the feature primitive of both the images is processed, which is mostly a manual work. After which each primitive denotes the image landmark and then corresponding features of mapping function is reckoned. Basically morphing process is a three phase technique mainly consits of feature specification, warp generation and transition control. [2] A Survey of Morphing Techniques


Keywords:
Forgeries, combined, splicing, complete, alpha, morphed, evaluation, Dermalog matcher, Detector, ANANAS web service.



Introduction

Morphing technique has been rapidly increasing and it has become very easy for anyone to create a doctored image and use it for any purpose. It is increasing crimes, fake identity et al. The morphed images can be used  by an imposter to sham the identity, hence it is very crucial to detect these type of scammers. Numerous techniques have been made available for the detection of the doctored images and various categories are been used to analyse them. While morphing, many parameters are been taken into consideration, such as setting up alpha parameter, setting up methods to blend the images. 


We have used a DEFACTO dataset to study wide range of forgeries. DEFACTO dataset is publicly available and it is been used widely to compare the results. [1] mahfoudi
This dataset has been used for the experimentation purpose meant to study doctored images and to analyze them. We have created many morphed images for each of the methods by using ANANAS web services.


Forgery methods:

In this we have used 3 methods to create a perfectly morphed image: combined, splicing and complete

There are images which are morphed by using many compositions and the methods used to detect a morphed image can be quite different. Hence we have created sets of doctored images where each of them have been forged using one of the morphing techniques. These images have been generated by setting an average parameter and with a random manner.

///Query: of combined, spiling and complete with images


The forged images has to be detected to give information on the tampering procedure. For this after creating morphed image through ANANAS web service, by using the first method combined, we used Dermalog face recognition as the biometric analysis technique to fetch the score comparing a morphed image to its genuine image and to evaluate how much score does they produce.

If the score is below 80, the evaluation that we have made is a no match image, as in the forged image doesnt match the original image. So to make the procedure precise we have targeted the average score as more than 80.

///queries and images of dermalog

Post which, a forged image can be also detected using few of the detector methods. The detector methods used here are Keypoints: OvGU, Googlenet-based: HHI, Benford: OvGU, Degradation: OvGU, VGG19-based:HHI niaves and multiclass and High-Dim LBP: IPK.
These were the methods used on a forged image to analyze if the image has been doctored or no and if so, what would be the score and evaluation.
The scores are ranged from 0 to 1 which gives us a precise result of an forged image. 

///queries and images of detector

Analysis:


EXPERIMENTS:

We considered two original images from DEFACTO database. This database has front facing images of artists with a very neutral expressions as the base to create face morphing forgery. We need to create their morphs and would be analysing them.

Face A
Face B

The face morphing process can be seen on the images, taking 2 original images and using the parameter landmarks to extract a set of facial landmarks and with that according to the image the first roughly alignment begins with the eyes, then a weighted factor/parameter alpha is taken into consideration of the two images and then the with the landmarks computation, the two images are blended with a precise alignment. Post the two images are alpha blended with a factor, there is a local scaling performed for the better skin tone. The alpha factor is needed to decide which particular face's structure should be more visible. 

In our case, we have taken only alpha factor into experiment as it gave us the proper morphed picture. And as there are methods into morphing we have taken each methods with the parameters. The images are first morphed using combined method with alpha parameter as 0.5 which means that 50% of face A and 50% of face B has to be taken.
With this the result image should be a 50:50 ratio of both. The alpha factor 0.5 is the average point that we have taken. The images are blended according to the parameters set. The color balances, facial structure is then produced accordingly.


There are times when after taking the alpha factor 0.5 the image doesnt turn out to be a good doctored image. Here we have played with the factor value, till we get a perfectly morphed image. 

Post getting a perfectly doctored image we tried to analyse it by biometric analysis. We used Dermalog face recognition to compare the first original to the other morphed image.

Through Matcher we got the scores of both the images. The threshold score which we used for analysing was 80 and the evaluation result as match. If incase the score was below 80, we made it sure we morph the image in such a way that the score reaches the threshold value with match as the evaluated result. 






so u have seen how we morphed 2 genuine images with combined, splicing and complete methods. And later in biometric analysis we used dermalog face recognition technique to get a score between a genuine and its morphed image. 

Later while performing forensic analysis, and with the detector methods such as ovgu keypoints, benford and degradation we could get a score between 0 and 1 and we could verify which of the detector methods shows us the quality check.

with this we were able to morph around 200 images and we could perform all the steps with it.

here we have shown some images with the respective detector methods and its evaluation results 
this is the result we received and if we carefully see, the scores less than 0.50 has been evaluated ass nomorphed. That means the morphed image that we have used to detect using a particular detector mwethod, if its less than the score 0.5, its been labelled as no morphed image and above 0.5 as morphed.

Now, incase of ours, we have taken a threshold value of 0.8. that means, any image less than 0.80 has been detected as nomorphed...

now, with this we have showcased the value in a chart format.

asu can see, the x contains the morphed images and the y axis shows the scores in which we are taking a threshold of 0.8

if we see the first morphed image 1_2_combined, it has the scores acc to the methods and the method with a higher value or amongst the 2 is deemed as the detected morphed image.

for example, 0.96 is the highest score amongst the 2, so that means the image has been detected with a score of 0.96 with the method ovgu_degradation.

with this we have made the analysis of rest of the images.

we all the know that face morphing is rapidly growing, hence we believe the detection for the same has to be accurate.